( moaning ecstatically )
( gentle theme playing )
Oh, oh...
Aah...
Oh, Gallia nectar
from a blossom
a certain lake on Paxau
which only grows near
and blooms once
every six years.
Specialty of the house.
This is a real place?
was the place to go on Talax
The Paxau resort
some, uh, personal pampering.
for serious relaxation and
It was very exclusive.
You had to be rich
and privileged
rich and privileged
or know someone
who owed you a favor.
and needs a little pampering,
I'd say if anyone deserves
it's this crew.
Don't you feel
are just light-years away?
as if all your cares
Yeah, it's nice.
I'm certainly open
to any suggestions
for perfecting the program.
a little more, uh...
Maybe it could use
fun.
Loosen it up.
Yeah, right.
Like this guy.
He's so...um...
formal.
Computer, give the waiter
a more casual look.
Rekarri starbursts all around.
And have him serve
here are some more people.
Now what we need around
Computer, add characters
from Kim Sport
Program Theta-2.
What sport would
that be exactly?
Volleyball.
a championship team.
They're
winners in 2216.
Gold medal
game's improved.
No wonder your
You know, this would be even
better with more upbeat music.
the cultural database
Computer, access
musicians from...
and create
Caribbean region.
Earth's
( steel drum music playing )
Now this is relaxing.
More drinks for everyone!
some spicy paraka wings.
And bring out
You can't have a party
without food.
JANEWAY ( over communicator ):
report to the Bridge.
All senior officers
Oh. Ah.
Uh, great program,
Neelix.
Save it for us, will you?
I certainly will.
Hey, how can you
listen to this
the urge to dance?
without feeling
( majestic theme playing )
( slow theme playing )
DOCTOR ( over communicator ):
Sick Bay to Kes.
Please report here immediately.
I've been informed we may have
incoming casualties.
On my way, Doctor.
TUVOK:
Captain, sensor readings
indicate that radiation
inside the alien vessel
is rising to toxic levels.
The life signs of the passengers
are growing weaker.
is heavily damaged.
Their warp core
It's leaking drive plasma
and gamma radiation.
It could breach any time.
Can we beam the passengers out
through all that radiation?
Not from here.
within 5,000 kilometers.
We'd have to get
At that range,
we'll be at risk
if their
engine core explodes.
Lieutenant, take us into range.
Aye, Captain.
Closing to within
5,000 kilometers.
to the targeting scanners,
I'm diverting more power
trying to get
a pattern lock.
There's still too
much interference.
A little closer, Tom.
Captain, I'm reading
an energy buildup
in the reaction chamber.
Mr. Kim.
I've got a lock.
Initiating transport.
antimatter containment.
They're losing
Shields up. Move us away.
Aye, Captain.
( all grunt )
All major systems
are undamaged.
I've got them, Captain.
All three passengers
are in Sick Bay.
I'm impressed.
the dermal regenerator
Start with
of the radiation burns
on the worst
and scan for contamination
of the surrounding tissue.
( groaning )
( computer beeping )
It's all right.
care of you now.
We're taking
You have internal injuries.
You must lie still.
My husband.
Is he all right?
I'll sedate you
if necessary.
Doctor, his heart stopped.
KES:
He's not responding
to cardiac induction.
Give him 20 milligrams
of lectrazine.
No effect.
His biochemistry is incompatible
with our medications.
No synaptic activity.
The tissue damage
is too extensive.
There's nothing more
I can do for him.
Record the time.
No. You must
save him!
Tieran...
I am so sorry.
He can't be gone.
He can't.
( suspenseful theme playing )
It was horrible.
They chased us
across half the sector.
We were finally able
to fight them off,
but not before
our own ship was damaged.
Do you know who
was chasing you?
This particular trade route
by mercenaries and thieves.
has always been plagued
I'm sure they wanted
to take our ship
and hold us for ransom.
I'm a very
prominent physician
and Nori is a cousin
of the Autarch.
We're grateful for
your help, Captain.
strangers to you,
We're complete
but we owe you
our lives.
I regret that we weren't able
to save your husband as well.
I know your medical staff
did everything they could.
And Kes has been so kind
and compassionate
that I don't think
I could be making it
through this time
without her.
that bringing us home
I certainly hope
won't take you too far
out of your way.
Not at all. We'll reach Ilari
in less than two days.
When we arrive,
I am sure that the Autarch will
want to thank you personally.
I'll be very pleased
to meet him.
( steel drum music playing )
Oh...
Hello, B'Elanna.
Good to see you, too.
I was hoping
you'd be Kes.
She was supposed
to meet me here 20 minutes ago.
It's not like her
to be late.
held up with some work.
She must have gotten
I wasn't sure
you'd enjoy the program
with the new modifications
Harry and Tom added.
modifications of my own.
Well, I've made a few
Thank you.
Great program, Neelix.
Computer, locate Kes.
Kes is in Transporter Room One.
COMPUTER:
Don't you worry
about using a device
that takes apart your molecules
and sends them
flying through space?
There are all kinds of safety
procedures and backup systems
nothing goes wrong.
to make sure
( over communicator ):
Neelix to Kes.
Kes here.
our lunch date in the holodeck?
I hope you didn't forget
I'm sorry. I'll
be right there.
I have to go.
I'll see you later.
( steel drum music playing )
Are you feeling
all right, sweeting?
a slight headache.
It's just
Well, we should
get you to Sick Bay.
I'll be fine.
Really.
After lunch...
we could go out for a sail.
That sounds nice.
But can we do it
some other time?
I promised to show
Nori and Adin
the airponics bay
this afternoon.
You certainly seem to have
hit it off with our guests.
You've been nearly inseparable
since they got here.
a friend right now.
Nori really needs
I want to be there for her.
So I hope you understand
that I'll be busy
for the next few days.
with her and Adin
We can keep them busy together.
I'll arrange
so many fun activities,
Nori won't have time
to be sad.
We can start
with a lovely picnic...
This is typical
of you, Neelix.
What? Wanting to help?
It bothers you that I'm making
friends of my own.
to involve yourself somehow.
You always have
Why, I...
to intrude on your friendships.
I certainly don't mean
with anyone you want.
You can spend time
As long as I still spend
most of it with you.
No. I...
would want to be with me
I'd hope that you
at least some of the time.
or an obligation.
It's not a duty
it feels that way.
Well, sometimes
why haven't you said so before?
If you feel this way,
Maybe...
I never realized a relationship
could be any different.
with anyone but you.
I've never been
a good idea...
It might be
for both of us to spend
some time apart.
I'm sorry.
( somber theme playing )
Stardate 50348.1.
Captain's Log,
JANEWAY:
We've entered orbit
around Ilari
and sent a message
to the Autarch
inviting him to visit the ship.
an official representative.
Instead, he'll be sending
The Autarch
might have taken
a personal interest
in our welfare.
I'm sure he does.
made it very clear
Our message
completely recovered.
that you had both
( door opens )
you could join us.
I'm so glad
Beam our guest aboard.
I'm Captain Kathryn Janeway...
( all grunting )
( dramatic theme playing )
Commander,
a phaser has been fired
in Transporter Room One.
Bridge to Janeway.
Emergency
in Transporter Room...
( groans )
They've activated
a security alert.
Seal the door
like I showed you.
( console beeping )
There's a transport
in progress.
Block it.
I'm locked out.
Commander, it's one
of the shuttlecraft.
Someone's beaming
it into space.
outside the door.
They're right
Everyone on
the transporter pad now.
You're sure this is safe?
Maybe you'd rather stay here.
just beamed to the shuttle--
Commander, three people
the two Ilari...and Kes.
Lock on a tractor beam.
but the shields
I'm trying,
around the shuttle
have been altered.
They're scattering
the beam.
Target phasers
at their engine core
to knock out propulsion.
just enough
It's too late.
They've gone to warp.
to follow them.
Set a course
I can't find the shuttle's
warp trail.
There's no sign of them
on long-range sensors.
TUVOK ( over communicator ):
Transporter Room to Bridge.
Ensign Martin and the Ilari
representative are dead.
has been beamed to Sick Bay.
The Captain is injured and
Acknowledged.
the shuttle's plasma injectors
It looks like
were remodulated to suppress
their warp signature.
I wouldn't think
it was possible
to make those adjustments
so quickly.
It takes some incredibly
precise calibrations.
Someone on that shuttle
really knows what
they're doing.
( suspenseful theme playing )
They didn't follow us.
Of course not.
They're still trying
to figure out what happened.
Does your head hurt?
What's wrong?
A little.
It's nothing.
Adin should take a look.
I said it's nothing!
You're worse than
that Talaxian.
over the encampment now.
We're in position
Looks like Resh has
assembled the troops
right on schedule.
Four hundred men just waiting
for your orders.
Maybe we should
give them some.
( console beeping )
( whoosh of active transport)
What is this?
Nori, I heard your ship
had been destroyed.
You didn't think I'd let
a little accident
stop me, do you?
That's Tieran?
The host body
you were expecting is dead.
Fortunately, a young nurse
was with me at the right time
and she's provided me
with a very
suitable replacement.
Well, I'm very relieved
you survived.
at least for your own ambitions.
Oh, I'm sure you are,
I want you to advance my troops
to the northern ridge.
But we can't go ahead
with the attack
now.
Are you questioning my orders?
This is insane.
We've spent years
planning this--
every move, every detail,
and now, suddenly
our leader's been reduced
to a little girl?
I've been exploring the mind
of this little girl
and I've discovered some rather
interesting abilities.
She had barely begun
to tap into them.
It's a good thing I came along,
so all that wasted potential
could be turned
to a greater purpose.
Now, should I continue
the demonstration
or do I have your loyalty?
You shall have it...
sir.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Stardate 50351.4.
Captain's Log,
JANEWAY:
We're holding a meeting
with Demmas,
the Autarch's eldest son
and heir,
the recent hostile activity.
in an effort to understand
I'm sure they really wanted
to kill my father.
DEMMAS:
He's the one they invited
up to your ship.
to be political extremists.
Nori and Adin are known
How could Kes
be involved?
I may be able
to explain that.
You mentioned
that she was
with the third patient
when he died?
That's right. Why?
I believe your crew member
has been inhabited
by the consciousness of a very
dangerous man named Tieran.
Who is that? What does
he want with Kes?
Oh, I know exactly
what he wants--
my family's government
to overthrow
and to reinstate himself
as the Autarch.
He has held title before?
Tieran ruled Ilari
over two centuries ago.
He was a war hero,
a brilliant military leader.
He brought security
and stability
during a difficult time
in our history.
But in peacetime...
he began to treat
his own subjects as enemies.
He became convinced everyone
was a potential
traitor.
At some point, your people
must have rebelled.
CHAKOTAY:
They did, led by one
of my ancestors.
Imperial Hall for over a year,
They laid siege to the
was burned to the ground,
and the city around it
but Tieran was finally defeated.
And yet, you believe
that he,
or at least his consciousness,
has survived.
obsessed with his own mortality.
During his reign, he became
He spent most of his time
and Ilari's resources
searching for ways
to overcome death.
Somehow, he's discovered a way
to transfer his own mind
into someone else's body
as he's done
with Kes.
So he's been controlling her.
Yes. Completely.
But she...
about Kes's life.
he knew things
He acted enough like
Kes to fool us all.
The real Kes must still
be in there somewhere.
Tieran may have access to her
memories and her feelings,
but the Kes you know...
is lost.
I'm very sorry.
to accept that yet.
I'm not prepared
of the man who died.
Examine the body
about how the transfer works
We need more information
if we want to get Kes back.
That's certainly worth
exploring, Captain,
DEMMAS:
but our priority must be
to stop Tieran
by force if necessary.
Voyager is a powerful ship.
You may be considering force,
but my only intention
is to rescue Kes
and remove Tieran's
consciousness.
That should serve
both our interests.
what's at stake here, Captain.
You don't understand
to defend my people.
You must help me
PARIS ( over communicator ):
Bridge to the Captain.
Go ahead.
the missing shuttle.
We've located
On my way.
Let's hope we can put an end
to this right now.
They entered orbit
then dropped their shields
and cut their engines.
There's a residual trace
of transporter activity.
KIM:
four people beamed
It looks like
from the shuttle
to the surface.
They're in the main chamber
of the Imperial Hall.
Lock onto those patterns
and beam them back to Voyager.
I can't. Some kind
of interference
the whole structure.
has gone up around
He's after my family.
My father and brother
are down there.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( solders groaning )
Ah, the venerated Autarch.
I've been looking forward
to meeting you for a long time.
Father! Aah!
( grunts )
Where's his brother?
I don't know.
He should have been here.
Get him out of here!
Lock him up.
I think I've located
the brother.
According to security logs,
to Voyager over an hour ago.
Demmas was transported
He's going to be a problem,
but we'll have to deal
with him at another time.
Give me the talisman.
This was stolen from me
200 years ago,
and I've dedicated every moment
since to putting it back...
where it belongs.
Loyalty and service
to the new Autarch.
Loyalty and service.
( suspenseful theme swells )
( suspenseful theme playing )
I want you to pay a visit
TIERAN:
in the Yaro province.
to my supporters
Give them all new titles,
whatever I promised.
And, of course,
your faithful service.
I couldn't overlook
I think the title
First Castellan
suits you very well.
I feel like I've finally
come home again,
but it's hardly
as I left it.
My portrait should
be hanging here.
of this nonsense,
As for the rest
than a useless display of wealth
it's nothing more
as if the first Autarch
needs to impress anyone.
cleared out of here!
I want it all
Everything should look as it did
during my reign.
( slow theme playing )
I trust you'll take
care of all that.
And we'll need some
new servants, too.
You don't look happy.
What is it?
I'm happy that we've
accomplished our goal,
but... there have been
some unexpected changes
and I don't know how they'll
affect our future together.
I don't even know
if I'm still your wife.
Forgive me.
I haven't considered
this must be for you.
how unsettling
Don't worry.
You know how much
I depend on you.
and encouragement
Your loyalty
this victory possible.
have helped make
everything with you,
I'll share
just as I always promised.
Autarch!
MALE:
( grunting )
business to attend to.
Now I'm afraid I have
Leave him here.
Everyone else is dismissed.
Ameron, you and I
haven't had a chance
to get acquainted.
I'm Tieran.
Tieran?
I like the way you say that.
You and I didn't get off
to a very good start, did we?
You murdered my father
right in front of me.
let you watch that.
I shouldn't have
I'm sorry. But his death
was necessary
for his successor.
to make room
Demmas is the rightful heir,
not you.
How many times have people said
the very same thing to you?
It must have been hard
to hear every day.
The constant reminder
is destined to be ruler
that your brother
just because he was lucky
enough to be born first.
that's fair, do you?
I don't think
It's the law.
Doesn't have to be.
It can change.
Demmas is off hiding
on some alien ship
and you're here...with me.
I'm sure it's an opportunity
you've always dreamed of--
really the natural leader
to prove that you're
and not just a weak
copy of your father.
Now you can have that chance,
if...you're willing
to take it.
You mean if I join you.
to offer each other.
We have so much
help solidify my claim,
Your heritage would
give you power, real power
and in return, I could
to control the lives
of millions of people
to reward your friends,
punish your enemies.
Everything you want
can be yours for the asking.
Everything.
After what you've done?
That's all in the past.
You should be thinking
about the future.
Would you rather
be a martyr
to your brother's cause...
or rule by my side?
( slow theme playing )
Captain's Log, supplemental.
JANEWAY:
Demmas has decided to remain
on board Voyager
but continues to monitor
for the time being,
the worsening situation
on Ilari.
my people against each other.
This coup attempt is turning
They're splitting
into factions--
mine and Tieran's.
Whom does the law recognize
as Autarch?
Officially, I inherited my
father's title upon his death,
but this isn't
a matter of law.
It's about loyalty.
Some people will follow
whoever has more power,
and right now,
that's Tieran.
He's gaining support every day.
some of my less-reliable allies,
He's already recruited
which...may include...
my brother Ameron.
I assumed he'd been killed.
Your brother?
So did I,
until I learned otherwise
from sources on Ilari.
Tieran spared his life,
no doubt in order
to win his loyalty.
Ameron's always been
easily swayed.
And you believe
he would betray you?
That's very possible.
And if he does,
there will be no way
to avoid a civil war.
I must strike now
before Tieran
is fully prepared.
alternatives to war.
There are always
Before you send
in your fleet,
I suggest we hear
from the Doctor
and consider the possibility
of removing Tieran
from Kes safely.
the transfer mechanism.
I've identified
was automatically activated
This cortical implant
at the moment of death.
Tieran's neural pattern
It enhanced
along the peripheral nerves.
and sent it out
The actual transfer took place
through these
bioelectric microfibers.
When they came
in direct contact
with Kes, they transmitted
Tieran's pattern
up through her nervous system
and into her brain.
I assume Tieran would implant
a device like this
as quickly as possible.
in his new body
that to our advantage.
Perhaps we can use
My thoughts exactly.
This synaptic stimulator
will tap into the implant
in Kes's body
and remove
the alien neural pattern.
Then her own consciousness
can take over.
would you have to get
Yes, but how close
to use this device?
To be fully effective,
it would have to
come in direct contact
with her skin.
If I could get
anywhere near her,
I'd use a thoron rifle
to be absolutely sure.
Not if you want my help.
Kes is still a member
of this crew
under my protection.
I'm very sorry she got caught in
the middle of this, Captain,
but too many other
innocent lives
have already been lost,
including my father's.
to prevent any more deaths.
Then let's work together
Don't risk the lives
of your soldiers
until you've exhausted
every option.
What exactly do you suggest?
If Tieran is anticipating
an attack by your fleet,
he may not be guarding
as carefully
infiltrating the Imperial Hall.
against an individual
I believe I would be able to
get close enough to Kes
to use the Doctor's device.
of the hall and its defenses
Your knowledge
would be invaluable
to us.
All right,
we'll try your strategy.
The new cortical implant
looks fine.
Let me just make sure
it's connecting properly
to the nerve pathways.
headaches while you're at it.
Do something about these
They make it difficult
to concentrate.
That's an entirely
different problem.
This body isn't accepting
your neural pattern
very easily.
She wasn't a willing host
like the others.
She's been resisting
me, all right.
I can feel her in the back
of my mind somewhere
like a trapped animal
rattling her cage.
She has a lot of spirit.
It's invigorating.
Your neural pattern
may become unstable
if you stay in this host.
Now that we've got
the transfer mechanism in place,
I suggest you use it to move
into a more compatible body.
No. I like this one
particularly the unique mental
abilities that come with it.
Consider the risks.
Do you really think
a child like this
poses any threat to me?
I've been fighting worse battles
since the day I was born.
When the doctors said I wouldn't
live past my first year,
I proved them wrong.
Even when my parents thought
to be worth caring for,
I was too sickly
I survived on the streets.
subjects forced me into exile,
Even when my own ungrateful
I refused to accept defeat!
I certainly won't surrender
to this little girl!
You will not
suggest it again!
( suspenseful theme playing )
Demmas has acquired
two more ships.
There are reports
that his fleet is massing
behind the fifth moon.
We should make
a preemptive strike.
of an unsubstantiated rumor.
Not on the basis
Let him come to us.
We'll be ready.
the Viceroy of Denar
I'm told that
is ready to give you
his support
for more territory.
in exchange
become so commonplace?
When did corruption
My people are crying out
for moral leadership.
I should make an example
out of this viceroy.
What's wrong?
There's someone.
Tieran?
There's a familiar presence
in this room...
not any of you.
Someone from this body's
previous life.
Someone she knew well.
We have an uninvited guest.
Seal the room.
Everyone, stay
where you are!
Who is it?
Someone very good
at concealing himself
and his thoughts.
A disciplined logical mind.
( suspenseful theme playing )
without being detected,
You made it this far
but you didn't realize
how much more perceptive
I've become.
Typical Vulcan arrogance.
It's touching, really,
your concern for the life
of your little student,
a hopeless effort to save her.
risking yourself in
( gasps )
Get that off.
NORI:
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine,
in control of this body.
and still perfectly
your clever medical technology.
But my compliments on
An attack on the Autarch
is punishable by death.
She's so protective of me.
But I think Voyager's
tactical officer
might be more useful
to me alive.
You know that I won't provide
you with any information.
how often I've heard that.
You'd be surprised
( suspenseful theme swells )
get past my security?
Who helped you
Who betrayed me?
I had no assistance.
when you don't come back?
What will Janeway do
Send someone else?
Join Demmas
in an assault?
of the Captain's plans.
I have no knowledge
have discussed
She must
alternate strategies
with you
before you came
on this mission.
She did not.
I could threaten you...
I suppose
or torture you...
but I doubt that would
make any difference.
You are correct.
Fortunately, I have
other options now.
With these new abilities,
it's a simple matter
to reach into someone's mind.
With some people,
it's effortless.
a little more work.
Others require
( laughing )
Do you really think
you can keep me away
from your innermost
thoughts?
Your fears and
insecurities?
Your feelings?
( suspenseful theme playing )
I sense some embarrassment
at being captured,
strong I really am,
worry about how
and, of course,
there's anger.
That's the emotion
that really threatens
your control.
So, you try even harder
to hide from me.
I feel those mental barriers
going up.
Do you notice that it doesn't
seem to be working?
As if someone
were disrupting
your ability
to concentrate?
It's a helpless feeling,
isn't it?
You will not break my control.
Not break you, free you--
from all that repression.
All you have to do
is let go.
I can help you release
your own strength
and give you what you've
always secretly desired.
I have never
desired Kes.
In all those hours
you spent alone together,
all those intimate moments,
touching each other's minds,
you've never even wondered
what it might be like?
( suspenseful theme playing )
Kes...
( groaning )
I'm here.
I'm fighting him.
I had no doubt
you would be.
when he's weaker.
There are times
break through.
I can almost
and make them your own.
Tap into his strengths
I'm losing hold.
I am with you.
Don't let go.
No!
( groaning )
( dramatic theme playing )
Stardate 50361.7.
Captain's Log,
JANEWAY:
Lieutenant Tuvok
hasn't reported
for our scheduled rendezvous
and we've been unable
to contact him.
other, more forceful, options.
We're now considering
Our team will beam down
to the surface
approximately two kilometers
from the palace.
Demmas
and his advanced guard
will meet us there.
Captain, I request permission
to go with you
on the rescue team.
Now, I had basic
combat training
All right, v-very basic.
on Talax.
been participating
But I've also
in technical exercises
with this crew
every month.
I have a lifetime
of experience
thinking on my feet
everything in my power
and you know I'll do
to make this mission
a success.
Consider yourself drafted.
The detection grid
will make a surprise
attack difficult.
PARIS:
Well then, we'll have
knock out the grid.
to find a way to
I've been scanning
it for weaknesses.
KIM:
The system goes through
a maintenance cycle
every ten hours.
There are a few seconds
when it might be vulnerable
to a narrow-band
EM pulse.
MAN ( on communicator ):
Bridge to the Captain.
transmission from the planet.
You have an incoming
Put it through.
Captain...you failed.
TIERAN:
What do you mean?
I'm still in control.
Your little device was useless,
and Tuvok is my prisoner.
your new rescue mission
I suggest you call off
any more members of your crew.
before you lose
You've made
a bad guess, Tieran.
There will be
no more rescues.
that you've discovered
My "guess" is
the convenient weakness
in the detection grid.
to take advantage of it,
If you attempt
soldiers waiting for you.
I'll have twice as many
If this was meant
to be a trap,
why tell us about it?
I'm really not a monster.
I have no quarrel with Voyager.
Your crew did save my life once
was about to explode.
when my ship
I haven't forgotten that.
( groans )
( suspenseful theme playing )
a friendly warning, Captain,
This has been
but it's the last one.
Now, I strongly suggest
that you accept your losses
and be on your way.
You have 30 seconds
to leave orbit.
Send two of my warships
to intercept Voyager.
( groaning )
You're not well.
If you can't do anything
about this pain,
then leave me alone.
You need to get some sleep.
No. She's there
when I sleep.
She?
Kes!
Who else?
You can't stay awake
for the rest of your life.
The Voyager's leaving orbit.
Let them go.
with all due respect, why?
Yes, sir, but...
Demmas is on that ship.
Our warships are in position
to destroy it.
they could go
I told them
and I keep my word.
I don't have to explain
myself to you. Get out!
Everyone! Clear
the room now.
( suspenseful theme playing )
Why won't you admit it?
You're losing, Tieran.
that you've surprised me.
I will admit
that such fierce determination
Who would have imagined
deceptively frail body?
existed within that
Don't continue
to underestimate me.
Release me...
or I'll force you out.
why should we be enemies?
My dear,
Why waste the energy in conflict
so much more by cooperating?
when we could achieve
You're contemptible, Tieran.
I won't be any part
of your plans.
You're already a part of them.
You and I have killed together,
remember?
And you will continue
to serve my will.
You really have no choice.
Wouldn't it be wiser
to join me?
To take advantage of all I have
to offer?
You may find that you
enjoy having power.
I assure you, it is the
finest aphrodisiac there is.
That may work with others,
but it won't with me.
making this a battle?
So, you insist on
How foolish.
It's a battle I intend to win.
Brave words.
You've been an annoyance to me,
nothing more.
I have been
more to you than that
and you know it.
I'm fighting you
with every bit
of strength I have
and it's wearing you down.
You're becoming more
unstable every day.
The headaches alone
are almost more
than you can stand.
pain all my life.
I've suffered
than headaches to stop me.
It's going to take more
I know all about
your life.
I know about your suffering.
It doesn't justify
what you've become.
You're a monster, Tieran,
and I have
no compassion for you.
And I don't ask for any.
What I need from you
I already have--
your body and your mind.
You may have my body,
but you'll never have my mind.
I won't surrender it.
You may resist and try to fight
me,
I will defeat you.
but eventually
I haven't existed
to be brought down by a child.
for two centuries
You're already deteriorating
and it's only
going to get worse.
I'll find every little crack
in your defenses.
You'll feel yourself
crumbling from within,
your sanity slipping away.
you're broken and helpless.
I won't stop until
There's nowhere you can go
to get away from me.
and merciless, just like you.
I'll be relentless
What are you doing?
( gasping )
You were is such a deep sleep,
I had to use a stimulant
to bring you out of it.
Your neural stress readings
are extremely erratic.
This has gone too far.
You must transfer
out of this body
before it destroys you.
I told you not to say
that ever again.
As you can see,
I'm in full command
of my faculties.
This momentary lapse will pass,
and I'll be stronger than ever.
( gasps )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Stronger than ever!
Stronger than ever.
Stronger than...
My friends, we have much
to celebrate tonight.
the consolidation of power
Our recent victory,
who are loyal to us,
among those
and the fact that Ilari
is poised on the brink
its greatest era of prosperity.
of what will be
that's cause for celebration--
But there's another occasion
the most joyous of all.
one that is perhaps
I'd like to present
my husband-to-be.
MAN ( whispers ):
Husband to be?
( crowd chattering )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Don't be upset.
a political alliance.
It's only
Ameron will help bring the
support of Demmas' troops.
Oh, tell me you
still love me.
You know I love you.
( groans )
Ameron.
And Nori.
essential to my success
You have both been
to be close friends.
and I want you
I want us all to be
very...very close.
Nori, don't make me
doubt your loyalty.
( groans )
I'm not listening
to you!
RESH:
Sir!
Enemy ships are approaching--
at least 20.
It's Demmas' fleet...
and Voyager.
I assume my ships are
moving to intercept them?
Yes, but we are
outnumbered!
I've always fought
against the odds.
My fleet will defeat them.
All the same, I recommend
taking some precautions.
to the reinforced shelter.
We should get you
This is a celebration
to announce my marriage.
I won't allow Demmas to make me
run like some frightened animal!
Join us.
Food and drink
for my First Castellan.
I told you to join us.
Drink! Eat!
to enjoy yourselves.
I want all of you
My charitable projects--
how are they progressing?
When do we break ground
for the new library?
Soon.
the people to know
Good! I want
that I have their
welfare at heart.
send out an edict.
Tomorrow, we'll
must have a garden.
Every citizen
A garden?
I love plants.
Flowers-- anything
that grows.
I felt most content
Some of the times
were those spent watching
the seedlings grow
in the airponics...
( explosion )
( computer beeping )
They've made it
through our defenses.
They're sending down
ground forces.
That's impossible.
You're lying.
I'm sending
additional troops
to their defensive
positions.
Activating full
security measures.
That ought to hold them off,
but we have to go-- now!
to leave this room
Anyone who tries
will be shot as a traitor!
Look for yourself!
( explosion )
This has to be a trick--
a ruse of some kind.
They're creating a distraction
That's what they're doing.
away from their real plan.
to draw my attention
Tieran, please!
They're coming!
They must have sent an
infiltrator.
We have an intruder!
I know you're here somewhere,
Tuvok.
perceptive...I've become.
You don't realize how
( gasps )
( groans )
I know you're here!
PARIS:
Tuvok!
Mr. Paris.
a tearful reunion.
No time for
We've got to get you
out of here.
( suspenseful theme playing )
( both grunting )
( groans )
( gasps )
Someday you're going to
have to show me how to do that.
Don't give in.
Stay with me.
Tieran!
Still here.
Fight it!
You must fight it, Tieran.
Please! Keep fighting!
Do you have the device ready?
Now!
( dramatic theme playing )
( voices exclaiming )
( groans and cries )
They're getting away!
( grunts )
I'll cover you.
( yells )
( groans )
We've got to get out,
find a doctor
transferred to a new host.
and get you stabilized or
You will survive.
( grunts )
Kes!
Stop! Please!
Stay there.
and this will all be over.
Just let me get to you
( grunts )
AMERON:
Tieran!
( beeps )
( gasping )
( suspenseful theme playing )
Tieran.
He's gone.
No, he isn't.
He's still here.
to someone else
He moved on
before you used this.
He wanted you to think
he'd been destroyed...
but he's hiding
in a new host.
I know you too well, Tieran.
No! You can't do this!
You died a long time ago.
Now it's time to let go.
( screams )
KES:
Demmas.
It's over.
( majestic theme playing )
are a turbulent ocean.
Your thoughts
floating above them.
Visualize yourself
I can't.
I've been using the meditations
you've taught me,
but they're not helping.
You must be patient
and allow yourself
sufficient time.
Don't attempt to deny
the emotional impact
of your experience.
How can I worry about
my own well-being
when...so many people
have suffered and died?
You were not responsible
for Tieran's actions.
I can't help wondering whether
I could have fought harder.
It was your absolute refusal
to surrender
which defeated him.
of yourself than that.
You cannot ask more
so different now.
Everything seems
My thoughts and perceptions...
with my closest friends--
even my relationships
you, the Doctor, Neelix.
How can I go back
to my normal life
as if nothing ever happened?
You cannot.
will force you to adapt.
This experience
You are no longer
the same person,
and the course of your life
will change as a result.
Where that new course leads...
is up to you.
( majestic theme playing )
( theme playing )